Add AI RAG Injector Admin api usage (#8636)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/ai-rag-injector/how-to/_index.md

---
## Prerequisites

- Create a service and a route.
- Start a [Redis-Stack](https://redis.io/docs/latest/) instance in your environment. 
   - Redis-compatible databases (for example, MemoryDB) are not supported

>    - PgVector is supported

Reviewer: Do we have a definitive list of supported DBs somewhere? I couldn't find one in the docs.

Reviewer 2: We only support pgvector and redis-stack. will add a doc for our vectorDB supported.

### 2. Make a AI request to the AI Proxy Advanced plugin

User will need to split the document into chunks by their own, typically use tools like`langchain_text_splitters`, and feed the splitted chunk using Admin API. 
	
The following example shows how to ingest content to the vector database for building the knowledge base. The AI RAG Injector plugin uses the OpenAI `text-embedding-3-large` model to generate embeddings for the content and stores them in Redis.

```bash

> curl localhost:8001/ai-rag-injector/3194f12e-60c9-4cb6-9cbc-c8fd7a00cff1/ingest_chunk \

Reviewer: Which plugin's ID is this? The related AI Proxy/Proxy Advanced plugin?

Reviewer 2: Nope, it's `ai-rag-injector` ID.

     "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "What is kong"}]
   }' | jq
```

> ### 4. Debug the retrival of the knowledge base

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. Debug the retrieval of the knowledge base
```

> For evaluate what documents are retrieved for a specific prompt, you can use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To evaluate which documents are retrieved for a specific prompt, use the following command:
```

```bash
curl localhost:8001/ai-rag-injector/3194f12e-60c9-4cb6-9cbc-c8fd7a00cff1/lookup_chunks \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "prompt": "the prompt to debug",
    "exclude_contents": false
  }'
```

> To omit the chunk content but only return the chunk id, set `exclude_contents` to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To omit the chunk content and only return the chunk ID, set `exclude_contents` to true.
```
